with tickets sold in the billions across
the globe Hindi cinema is booming and
reigning over the silver screen is the
king of Bollywood Shahrukh Khan no doubt
why - Shahrukh Khan is the biggest way
word started at the recent London
premiere of his film
Chak De India fans gave the heartthrob
of welcome befitting a rock star I don't
think a Western superstar even if you
were looking at Tom Cruise or Brad Pitt
but they're not men who have worshiped
as Living God Shahrukh Khan is the ocean
all my life I've worked towards to be
recognized I don't want to spend my life
now hiding my face I love it people
smile look at me they were after me I
enjoy it all I'm immensely proud that I
have no privacy and it was the point if
I'm a star at nobody
in the betánia her buddy on a set of his
latest project on Shanthi on King Kong
shows us the making of a medicine
filming is about to begin for the final
dance scene of the blockbuster budget
film on shanty on as the crew prepare
the star of the show
Shahrukh Khan is yet to be seen we're
heading towards what is known as an teri
yaad studios and we were shooting a film
called Om Shanti Om
normally we would leave by about 8:30
9:00 in the morning is the last three
days of the shoot my director Farah Khan
is pregnant so we take it easy and shoot
with a lot of the bases little more less
should be an easy way while Khan remains
relaxed everyone at the studio knows
that today's shoot is crucial to the
success of the film it's the big song
the glitzy showstopper what's known in
Bollywood as the item number it's the
fantasy number being shot with Shahrukh
himself well my brief is that there's
the four elements earth wind water and
fire and well I've just been told it
needs to be modern edgy and terribly
sexy boney m'gann caucasian it's fine it
works for me Khan plays the satirical
role of a modern-day Bollywood superstar
he's not very talented he's just gotten
lucky and become a big star
unprofessional and a little stupid
actually sounds a lot like me
in anticipation of his arrival filming
begins with the dancers onset good
morning parade reshoot Khan's legions of
fans are in for something of a shock as
he prepares to go topless for the first
time in his long career item numbers
normally out with pretty girls and sexy
women and the guy is normally hanging
around them this item number I think is
the first time the picture is even a
male who's naked you notice for my body
minute prosthetics with makeup in tow
Khan arrives on set where his work
finally begin
director Farrakhan has built a global
reputation as a choreographer working on
projects such as Bombay Dreams and
Vanity Fair her close friendship with
Khan has developed over numerous
professional collaborations we were both
new and none of our movies had released
and he wasn't a big star then he was a
newcomer and I was a newcomer and we met
and we just hit it off and we've been
friends for 15 years I've done most of
the song
Farra made her directorial Debbie on May
Hoonah the first major production from
Khan's film company with Kahn's company
behind the project and his face in front
of the camera the film was an instant
hit and he quickly enlisted Ferris
directorial skills once again back on
set
Ferris choreographers are busy teaching
Kahn his next routine I'm not a dancer
so I always am stressed when I'm doing
dances but I prefer doing scenes yeah I
think he struggles with the dancing but
I think he has such a lot of charm and a
lot of kind of charisma but if you look
at the dance sequence I'm pretty sure
you're looking at his face you're not
looking at his dance steps he often says
he always does a kind of a grand gesture
which gives you the illusion of dance
people tell me I've made love to the
camera
right I like it I like being in front of
the camera I nothing turns me on more
than giving the most banal stupid silly
shot when the camera lights
step-by-step the routine is perfected
take by take the sequence is assembled
a lot of the way their songs are cut is
it's cut in very short spurts which
means to say is that you have to dance
for really 10 seconds you don't have to
be a great dancer in part to the launch
of Khan's biography reveals a life story
with a drama of a Bollywood script